welcome to the first episode of total
Pokemon stars all right people welcome
to the studio of total Pokemon stars now
before we get started with this season
we have six newbies Troy s6 that's why
six newbies now qui saw kit a cast a
cache of this season form 5256 first
time we're having 56 people awesome
anyways let's wear our first contestant
pants age hi guys I'm I'm pants age I'm
a fighter so yeah and I hope let you win
this game and put you booze all y'all
good ham okay pansies I don't care sit
wow what a chuck yeah you get used to it
pants aged sharp guys anyways next
contestant looper hey guys i'm psycho i
am good little weight kill Wobbuffet oh
wow or not a psychopath hey spend on
moto gp get the new cycle we got a full
cycle yeah we like it sure Matt I don't
ask you anyways I'm let's see you you 12
/ y'all you dead he okay she's scary
that's contested tell you sir hi I'm
Tessa I'm a boy and I'm a hotter and
yeah okay sit unless contestant joshie
huh whatever this so stupid a butt Wow a
lot of these girls who are bunch of
bitches were why are you pissed off the
girls away yeah like I care huh wow
she's a bitch let's contestant sandile
chop chop chop chop I
speak chop-chop-chop-chop of heroin are
sit and on last contestant chumu be hey
guys i'm i'm a nurse and I'm very nice
and I look at me make words we love you
okay sit I don't care anyway Natalie qui
sont cats from 5256 it's time we got our
first challenge are you gonna split
something two teams I'm gonna do the
team's what I'm going to do the team's
out to challenge anyways hey tohko let
me chase you out in this studio your way
through good yes he can hit by the way
the gun you'll be out challenge anyways
the first four to make it here will be
the winners and we'll gaylord what would
it would be like I tell you to so the
first of all get here anyways i jus
Jesse breaking the boots did you like to
and we'll get started well pants age
group well penzeys a bad days oh hey
quails um how how you doing now I'm fine
um I knew your new year but I know you
want me seriously you're new here and I
don't think a refill vote you off
because you just knew you or thank you
huh come on clams let's go yeah see you
pass ace ok oh oh pansies well why do
you know speaking of the devil what do
you mean speak of the devil I know what
you did thorn seasons three and six and
you are such an idiot excuse me you
heard me you're an idiot an excuse me
why the people yeah that makes you
we're excuse me oh I am amazing I made
to the final free and this your first
season the only reason i made a five way
because your watch shut up anyways I am
NOT gonna lose this time
your babble leave it to you to ch yeah
yeah note I'm not gonna lie should world
is an idiot I mean seriously why do
people just get part of gay earth
dokhtar booty off fairly early back in
season six I don't understand how he
made to the fire flee but handily well
boundary a bunch of people bunch of
people with a bunch of stupid hats but I
believe it no one's the people I'm nice
guy but she lose me he's wire I might
get 11 soon I probably gonna plan and
well I'm boiling aligns we can't go
to take him out uh-huh wow I'm went a
lot oh wow all people to have
girlfriends and boyfriends but I don't
have my cup my girlfriend McCoy here hey
i think i'm still throw up bash now
you I we can do our best kill it your uh
are you sure what's go babe yeah oh you
bum well oh well uh I can't believe I
got knocked down to challenge how funny
is that oh I don't fill up I don't see
yet yeah yeah I know which is ah ah well
you know there's one watching your
bitchy bitchy and a stupid boyfriend
although also love a little all those
little yeah well do so a bunch of
bitches I'm not well after that comment
you said that makes you a bitch
Wow feel you are making a fire this tube
why don't--why voice but you're busy
i'll do is get on my nerves oh good you
fool out out out Oh your boil the water
system i love on it I don't know what to
do it's a good Thunder son she's mother
has kicked off oh and i found and i like
my girlfriend vianney and so awesome
this is our bus it's it doesn't one
night to tell us is going home oh yeah
amazing um hey 20 hey guys well good so
stupid why am I you annoy people I'm not
and not knowing yeah your taser cut your
cow cow you can't get me oh man awesome
mm-hmm I'm here all of that hey uh sir
congrats you're the first one here so
you could deal you're the first so you
get your award yay all they do is wait
for the wait for free more stay tuned
for part 2